README.md, before:

# Module Project: Redux - Car Sales
implement React-Redux as the state management system

## Directions

1. install redux react-redux node-sass
2. set up empty reducer and initialState
3. createStore
4. wrap app in provider
5. connect component to redux
6. convert from using State in App.js to using props
7. action creators
8. reducer logic

## _MVP Requirements:_

- [ ] Move state to the Redux store
- [ ] Set up the Redux flow
- [ ] Be able to add features to their car
- [ ] Be able to remove added features from their car
- [ ] Total updates as user adds and removes features

## Stretch Problems

- [ ] Use Redux hooks instead of HOCs
- [ ] Implement React-Router and add a starter page where the user can choose a car. Each car should have different features that have different pricing.
- [ ] Look into the docs for Bulma and change up the styling.
- [ ] Implement an API from one of these sites [here](https://www.google.com/search?q=car+sales+api&rlz=1C5CHFA_enUS809US809&oq=car+sales+api&aqs=chrome..69i57j0l5.3580j0j1&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8)

Commit message:

connected dispatchActions to app connect

README.md, after:

# Module Project: Redux - Car Sales
implement React-Redux as the state management system

## Directions

1. install redux react-redux node-sass
2. set up empty reducer and initialState
3. createStore
4. wrap app in provider
5. connect component to redux
6. convert from using State in App.js to using props
7. action creators - ADD_FEATURES REMOVE_FEATURES
8. reducer logic
9. import actionCreators to app and connect them

## _MVP Requirements:_

- [ ] Move state to the Redux store
- [ ] Set up the Redux flow
- [ ] Be able to add features to their car
- [ ] Be able to remove added features from their car
- [ ] Total updates as user adds and removes features

## Stretch Problems

- [ ] Use Redux hooks instead of HOCs
- [ ] Implement React-Router and add a starter page where the user can choose a car. Each car should have different features that have different pricing.
- [ ] Look into the docs for Bulma and change up the styling.
- [ ] Implement an API from one of these sites [here](https://www.google.com/search?q=car+sales+api&rlz=1C5CHFA_enUS809US809&oq=car+sales+api&aqs=chrome..69i57j0l5.3580j0j1&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8)
